Open Task Scheduler by navigating the Windows Start menu to Windows Administrative Tools > Task Scheduler.
In the Actions pane on the right side of the window, click Create Basic Task. This walks you through a simple wizard to set up the task. You can configure advanced options on the task later.
Give your task a Name that will be easily remembered and optionally, a Description. Then click Next.
Choose how often you want the task to run. For this example, choose Daily. Then click Next.
Choose a Start time and a recurrence frequency. If you want, choose a time a few minutes ahead of the current time, so you can see what it looks like when a task runs. Then click Next.
Choose Start a program, then click Next.
Here's the moment of truth, where you specify which script or batch file you want to run. Click Browse and navigate to one of the Python scripts you've written during this course. It's going to be easiest here if you pick a script that doesn't take any arguments, such as your project 1 script that makes contour lines from hard-coded datasets, but if you are feeling brave, you can also add arguments in this panel of the wizard. Then click Next.
Review the information about your task, then click Finish.
Notice that your task now appears in the list in Task Scheduler. You can highlight the task to see its properties, or right-click the task and click Properties to actually set those properties. You can use the advanced properties to get your script to run even more frequently than daily, for example, every 15 minutes.
Wait for your scheduled time to occur, or if you don't want to wait, right-click the task and click Run. Either way, you'll see a console window appear when the script begins and disappear once the script has finished. (If you're running a Python script, and you don't want the console window to disappear at the end, you can put a line at the end of the script such as lastline = raw_input(">"). This stops the script until the user presses Enter. Once you're comfortable with the script running on a regular basis, you'll probably want to remove this line to keep open console windows from cluttering your screen. After all, the idea of a scheduled task is that it happens in the background without bothering you.)